well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so today we're going to talk about
reopening the economy and the dates that
are being thrown out May 1st June 15th
whatever it doesn't matter and I mean
that literally those dates do not matter
the pundits the politicians the
council's the governors the president
they can reopen in theory whenever they
want but it means nothing it means
absolutely nothing because they don't
get to determine when the economy
reopens you do and this isn't one of our
normal videos or I'm like you know you
don't understand the power we'd have if
we would only work together no it's not
one of those you as an individual the
politicians can say whatever they want
they can say the troops will be home by
Christmas until they're blue in their
face it doesn't matter the economy will
get back on track when you have
confidence not before if they reopen too
soon they will destroy the economy it's
not destroyed right now it's paused it
is paused but if they reopen too soon
they will destroy it completely it will
go from a very very bad recession into a
really really bad depression very
quickly because the consumer won't have
confidence they won't feel safe so they
won't go out they won't spend money
right now you have a whole bunch of
people sitting at home because their
workplace is closed those companies yeah
they're in a bad situation they have
some expenses they have ran to they have
the normal stuff and they don't have any
revenue and that's bad I mean that's
business 101 right so what happens when
they bring people back to work because
the government says we're reopen and
there's no more relief coming they bring
people back in and then they have
payroll and all of the normal stuff that
goes day to day with keeping whatever
that business is open but the consumer
still stays at home still doesn't feel
safe what happens that they're in a
worse situation you can kiss every small
business in this country goodbye it's
over these politicians these pundits
they are out there trying to line their
own pockets and nothing more
anybody who's telling you that we need
to get back to work now they're selling
something or they're grifting when this
started we knew where the initial
hotspots were going to be big cities and
the media is doing a pretty good job of
making it seem like that's where it's at
because they're focusing on the number
of people who didn't make it those who
didn't recover however if you switch
that to the rate per 10,000 of the
people who've got it those hotspots
switch real quickly they become places
like Albany Georgia Idaho Mississippi
places like that this is everywhere
it will continue to wreak havoc until
it's over
this ends when it ends when we have a
treatment or a vaccine that's when it
ends a reliable treatment an effective
woman that's when this ends not before
not when the president wishes it would
end it's not how this works there were a
whole bunch of people went up to
Michigan in Michigan went up there and
ranted and raved and screamed whined and
cried and blocked a hospital the that
side of the political spectrum in the
United States is very fond of the saying
facts don't care about your feelings
yeah we get it you're upset everybody's
upset we are all in this together some
of us actually realize that you going up
there and screaming doesn't actually
change anything it doesn't it doesn't
make them find a treatment faster
everybody's upset some of us are just
dealing with it a little bit better
because some of us have learned to trust
you know the experts rather than the
people that have a long long history of
line if you want to destroy this economy
support these politicians if you are an
acceleration estándar were just done
with the united states support those
politicians that want to reopen now
because that's what's gonna happen pick
on michigan i'll go ahead and talk about
florida Florida's governor is ready to
go he's like yeah we need to reopen get
everybody back cool sounds good
so all these hotels down on the beach
all these resorts all these tourist
attractions you open up there's no more
relief coming
they bring their employees and that's
great but nobody's traveling nobody's
going to come here that is the fastest
way to bankrupt this state if these and
politicians stop for one second to care
about the average worker and think about
their position and how the average
person is going to respond they would
understand that the troops won't be home
by Christmas this is going to be a long
thing even after safe at home is over
you're still going to have to social
distance until there is a reliable
effective treatment or vaccine they're
selling something what they're selling
is your life
it's not safe it won't be safe until
there is a reliable effective treatment
nothing's going to change that no amount
of political posturing no amount of
yelling at different media outlets no
amount of defunding organizations that
are combating it it doesn't change the
facts this is not under control
the government needs to provide relief
if they want to do something they need
to provide relief to the average worker
until it's under control pushing it too
soon
promising the troops will be home by
Christmas means nothing and let's say
they do bring the home troops home by
Christmas and it's not over they lose
same thing here if we reopen before it's
over we lose because every time there's
a spike and there will be confidence
gets lower and right now people are most
people understand the situation and
they're doing what they can to not
transmit the government says it's over
well it's over and all those precautions
get thrown into the wind it'll be back
the government should spend its time
trying to do its job rather than trying
to spin its way out of this the failures
that have occurred they're going to be
publicized there's no amount of spen
doctoring there's no amount of PR that's
going to change that the only thing that
can make up for it is actually doing
your job now if you're done with the
u.s. if you're just ready to bankrupt
everybody let's reopen now otherwise
stay at home wash your hands if you have
to go out wear a mask don't touch your
face all the stuff you know you're
supposed to be doing
anyway it's just a thought you know have
a good day